[ETP-730] special characters not exporting (#2021)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: changelog.txt

== Changelog ==

> * Fix - Exporting Attendees with HTML entities [ETP-730]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Fix - Prevent Attendees with HTML entities from importing broken [ETP-730]

```

Reviewer 2: Please also add a stop before the ticket ID.

> * Fix - Prevent Attendees with HTML entities from importing broken. [ETP-730]

Reviewer 2: This should be `exporting`, right?
